Title: Studio, 1, 2, or 3 bedroom apartments in West New York | Fifty-Five Riverwalk
URL: https://55riverwalkplace.com/floorplans/
Scraped At: 2026-05-25T01:40:03.905799

Studio, 1, 2, or 3 bedroom apartments in West New York | Fifty-Five Riverwalk Skip to main content × Pet Policy Life is just better with your four-legged companion(s) at your side. That’s why we offer cat and dog-friendly apartments at 55 Riverwalk Place. Each of our apartment homes provides room for you and up to two pets to roam. Contact our friendly leasing team to learn more about the pet policies. Contact Us Floorplans Room to live, space to breathe. Find the right fit for your rhythm. With spacious studio, one-bedroom, two-bedroom and three-bedroom homes, Fifty-Five Riverwalk offers a range of layouts designed for the way you live. Thoughtfully built with quality craftsmanship, these residences feel solid, refined, and quietly insulated from the city's rush. Map Floorplans available Floorplans are artist’s rendering. All dimensions are approximate. Actual product and specifications may vary in dimension or detail. Not all features are available in every rental home. Prices and availability are subject to change. Please see a representative for details. Floorplans are artist’s rendering. All dimensions are approximate. Actual product and specifications may vary in dimension or detail. Not all features are available in every rental home. Prices and availability are subject to change. Please see a representative for details. Community Fee Guide Whether you're a current resident or an interested prospect, we want to make it easy to understand what your rent includes and what may constitute additional fees. To help with this, we've created a fee list below so you can quickly see what fees may apply in addition to your base rent. Now Leasing Book a Tour Find Your Home Stay Connected With Us @fiftyfiveriverwalk This site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. By using our site you agree to our use of cookies. I Agree How We Use Your Data Contact Us
