Title: Explore Westford, MA with our Neighborhood Guide | Abbot Mill
URL: https://abbotmill.com/neighborhood/
Scraped At: 2026-05-25T01:40:39.222611

Explore Westford, MA with our Neighborhood Guide | Abbot Mill Skip to main content × Pet Policy We are a pet-friendly community! Explore the Westford, MA Neighborhood Near Abbot Mill Discover the charm of loft-style apartments in Westford at Abbot Mill, located at 1 Pleasant Street, Westford, MA 01886. This historic mill district combines timeless architecture with a vibrant, community-focused neighborhood. Whether you enjoy morning walks, weekend hikes, or a quiet moment in nature, Nashoba Brook Wildlife Sanctuary and Nashoba Valley Ski Area are just minutes away. Getting around from our Westford apartments is seamless. With I-495 and Route 3 nearby, as well as Lowell Regional Transit Authority buses and a commuter rail shuttle to Littleton/495 Station , Boston and surrounding towns are easily accessible for work or leisure. Everyday needs are close at hand, from charming local shops and restaurants to essential services and schools for all ages in the Westford School District . This is a neighborhood where nature, convenience, and community come together, creating a lifestyle that’s convenient and connected. For those looking for apartments for rent in Westford, MA in a vibrant and welcoming setting, welcome home. Ready to see our community and neighborhood for yourself? Schedule a tour to experience everything Abbot Mill has to offer. Restaurants Coffee Shopping Recreation Restaurants The Sunset Tiki Bar Moe's Southwest Grill Chipotle Mexican Grill Gibbet Hill Grill Burtons Grill & Bar Bamboo Fine Asian Cuisine & Sushi Bar Coffee Starbucks Dunkin' The Java Room Crossroads Cafe Cafe at Groton Wellness Littleton Cafe Shopping The Point Cornerstone Square Shaw's The Point Olde Boston Square Six Carlisle Place Recreation O'Neil Cinemas Nashoba Valley Ski Area Red Tail Golf Club Harvard Lanes Kings Dining & Entertainment Great Wolf Lodge Water Park | New England Where History Meets Community Book a Tour Check Availability This site uses cookies to improve your browsing experience. By using our site you agree to our use of cookies. I Agree How We Use Your Data Contact Us
